The Joe Rogan.
Experience. I got, I got an old lady's story, but we lived at the barracks.
There's 14 comedians living in that place in Howard square.
I don't know if you ever came by. Cause it was pretty high.
What was the barracks?
The barracks was an apartment that Mike and I had and we opened this.
Oh God, it was eighties, you know, in the beginning,
you know when one standable. So it was probably before my day I came in in 88.
Uh, no. So 85 and by Mike you're saying Mike Clark's brother. Yeah. Right.
So we had this house and it was like three or four bedrooms in
Kenny Rogersons room, which was like a closet with a sheet over. We,
we referred to it,
the sperm room and Kenny <laugh> and we had the rent was
$165 a month. Wow.
The landlord's name was wing won and we were working at the ding hall for sh
Lee. So 165 bucks between sometimes 10 guys. We didn't have it. You know,
we were blowing it already.
<laugh> so now every comedian who came in from out of town,
they didn't have to get a hotel. You just go by the back.
Cause there was a key under the mat at the end,
there was like 11 keys under the mat.
But there was this old lady store on the third floor apartment.
And we would rage all night. I would break windows.
I just love the sound of breaking glass. We had a window guy on call, you know,
<laugh> people say it's freezing Lenny. Oh, call the window guy. You know,
I just love to throw things from glass sweet. I sweetie ducked.
And I,
I put a ball through the window and he's laid on the floor and I go sweet.
What's wrong with you? I'm just up and funny. He goes, don't talk down to me.
I go, were you lying on the floor? Get up. You know? So now this woman,
she older woman, she goes, I said, Hey, I hate Youlen Clark. I hate you. I said,
listen, I'm going to the store. You want me to get you anything?
And she yelled at the top. Let clock. I only lived to see you dead. Right.
<laugh> and all the names every day left. Oh Joe,
it gets worse. So now, you know, I sent the flowers every now and then,
and she throw 'em off the balcony. Cause I don't want your fly. I want you dead.
So she ends up getting murdered. Oh no.
Like cut up in like the capitated. Oh yeah. Yeah. So,
so the cops come to the house one day and I, I laying in my bed,
puking in a bucket and Rogerson comes in and he wakes me. Did,
did you murder the lady next door? Last time I go. No, he goes, okay.
You can come in. <laugh> the cops come in.
They go Lenny. No, we don't think it was. We gotta ask you questions,
but where were you last night? I go, I don't remember. I go, but,
but I know I got here later, worked out.
I was at the ding and then I hung out.
We hung after hours and I don't know where it was, but then I get home.
But you know that woman get there. I don't think they ever saw the case,
but it definitely wasn't me. Cuz I was too lazy to walk three flights of stairs.
We used to, we used to have police cars park in her, her pocket space.
She didn't have a, but we'd have the Patty wagon down below being doing ball.
It's crazy. So you'd have the cops come over and party with him. Yeah. Yeah.
That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Most of 'em got thrown off and forth. They,
they never solved. They never solved that case. As far as I know, you know,
there.
Was a guy that I used to train with who, uh, got arrested.
I don't know if you remember this case, but they, they were,
they took this guy and they were breaking his bones with a hammer and then
injecting with cocaine to keep him awake. Cuz he was,
he was blacking out from the pain. Oh. And they cut his hands off.
They cut his head off, they cut everything off. And uh,
this dude that I knew got arrested for it. And uh,
when I asked him him about it,
he knew something like it was one of those things where like, you know,
you asked someone like I go, they arrested you. I go, why would they arrest you?
And it was like this, I don't know. I don't know nothing. I was like, oh,
you know something <laugh> I was like, holy. I was like, oh my God.
I might know a serious murder. Oh yeah. Yeah.
He went to jail for something else. I forget what he went to jail.
I knew him when I was 16 and he went to jail and then he came out and when he
came out, like all his tattoos, he had scars all over all of his tattoos.
Like apparently he tried to burn his tattoos off in the joint.
And he was like just a different person,
like his time in jail.
And I guess he was in jail for like maybe a five years from when I knew him.
Wow. And he came out five years later and started training again before he got
arrested and um,
just super spooky to be around somebody that you think might have
done that. No.
I, I, I know a, a few murderers that yeah. Yeah. I,
I didn't know at the time when I met them, but over the years have gone.
Oh my well, the guy who got the, the pass Johnny Manano was in 16 minutes.
He shops at stop and shop in Somerville and people go, you know what that is?
I go, Johnny man, hi Lenny. I went, oh, Hey Johnny 25 murder. And,
and you know, how's he out? Uh, deals, you know?
I mean he did time. He did a time, but he was on 60,
not 20 on you seems like you should be in, send the bull.
How many did send me the bull kill? And he was out,
he was out the met in Arizona. I think he's still out. Yeah, he is.
He's out again. Yeah. I mean, I got no beef for him. I don't either.
So one of my buddies, uh, in high school, his name was Bob good.
He was the funniest, funniest person I ever met my life.
Da one day he stole 12 cots, 12 red cots and lined them up outside.
And in one of the cots, there was a briefcase full of cash.
And he went in and he bought the entire lunchroom lunch lunches on me.
<laugh> and high school. Right. Lunches on me.
Stole cots in high stole cots. Oh yeah. And he lined them up outside you.
Jesus Christ. Oh, he was amazing. So he goes to Jay, he goes to wall. Paul,
you remember wall post said, okay, so we're doing a show at wall Paul, you know,
a couple guys asked me, you come in. Yeah. So they said, Mr. Clark,
before you come in,
we just wanna let you know if there's any drugs or drug remnants on you.
You're not gonna be released. And I went, oh, let me change my clothes.
So I changed my clothes.
I went in and I did this show and it was really so they would swab you.
Yeah, it was, they, they just, it.
Was. So if they swabbed you and they found Coke on your shirt.
You're staying. Yeah. And they, and they explain that.
And this is like 35 years ago. Right. So, and this was when,
while Paul was still maximum secur, you know, I mean the worst or the worst.
So we go in and uh, I'm with DJ and a couple of people, DJ has DJ has it.
And I think swing how's he doing? I don't, I think there was a cancer thing.
And then he beat that and stories about, but good guy, oh my God,
remind me about DJ. I wanna finish this. So I'm on stage and I'm thinking,
Hey man, bumper's in here. Right. And he jumps up on stage and I go B, he goes,
how you doing? He goes, I'm in here. I assumed name I'm in hearing to Danny.
This is 35 years ago. He's in Whirlpool under an assumed name. I mean,
I could that be well, anyway, he gets out and then he,
he murders some guy <laugh> and he goes back and he's in for double life.
Now two murders. And I said to him, Papa, why'd you kill the guy? He goes,
he was talking. You know, <laugh>, he's just a little bit of a guy, but funny.
I mean, he's the type of guy. Someone wanted to kick his.
He can make them laugh. So you couldn't punch him. He was that funny.
And now he's in, he's been in for, I, I wanna visit him. You know, they said,
it's not a good idea, but I'm gonna go visit him. You know,
I'm not look old now, but he's been, he's been over 30 years now. It's.
So funny. How, if you're in the nightclub business, like we are,
you're gonna run into people along the way that have done some horrible.
Oh <laugh>.
Oh,
I know a guy shot a guy's head off with a saw. I,
I think a sword, you know,
one of those like summarized swords and then threw it on a,
on a guy's lawn. I mean, yeah. Yeah. It was, there was drugs involved. I mean,
obviously I remember, I remember it was, there was crack, but crack,
but cracked before crack, what was the, uh, free,
free base watching the Spanish crack. That was, that was for people with money.
That.
Was the Richard Pryor days. Okay. Richard.
Pryor was in the free base. So the first time I'm, I'm free base at,
at like an MBTA station in south Boston. And I think Ken was,
yeah,
Ken was there and this guy who was away for life now too remain
nameless. But I, I, I took hit and um, I'm passing out.
I mean,
I'm so high I'm passing and all I could hear is what are we gonna do with the
body? That was the last thing whose.
Body me. Oh, if you die. Yeah.
Oh, Jesus Christ. I thought you were overdosing. Yeah. I thought it was,
I can't, we are smoking that stuff and you're taking, I, I used,
I used to stop my own hat, boom, much as I, as I can.
Oh God. You know? Cause when, cause when I went to,
when I finally went to the doctors and had the H fibrillation and all the hot
damage they did, I said, but what do you think it was? Well, you know,
maybe the weight, you know, cause I was almost 400 pounds and they go, I go,
what about Coke? He said, were you a hat to doing off? Lot of Coke. I said,
well, there's a small mountain in Peru. That's missing.
You think it's really that much. I go, oh yeah. Oh yeah.